hey folks welcome back this teaching is
going to be understanding the ICT due to
swing
you
okay the ICT jutsu swing what ICT
concepts are going to be used in this
module I'm going to be introducing the
ICT jutsu swing I'm going to be defining
what the ICT due to swing actually is
I'm going to show you its utilization in
bullish conditions and utilization and
bearish conditions
okay introducing the ICT Judas swing
alright so the price swing that sets the
London session high or low is many times
an energetic price link now it's going
to many times be a run on stops or could
be returning to a key price level either
one can be the basis for this quick
spike in price having a higher time
frame understanding and implementing the
higher time frame analysis to determine
what direction the ICT jutsu swing will
form if you look at the chart to the
right here I've basically added more
dimension and detail to a earlier chart
in the series of teachings here I've
added a couple different reference
points that will help solidify the
understanding that creates the daily
high and low the open the high low and
close on a daily candle I've started
your journey in my ICT concepts with the
lowest timeframe possible which is this
small little segment of price action
from an intraday perspective because if
you can understand that and as we draw
out farther into higher time frame
analysis you'll see that these ideas are
actually fractal and they form on all
time frames because it's defined the ICT
jutsu swing first and foremost you start
hunting the Judas swing at midnight New
York time okay so this is a New York
opening price and it ends at 5:00 a.m.
New York time and that's basically the
entire five hour window that would be
utilized for anticipating this price
move now I'm not suggesting to everyone
sit up all night long waiting for this
Judas swing to appear there's some
things that you would look for obviously
but I can't cover everything in one
teaching so I'm giving it to you in
small little pieces but for the most
part between midnight New York time at
5:00 a.m. New York time there's going to
be a high or low form for the daily
range now we understand that typically
is on the basis of London high Orlin and
low forming now the Judas swing is a
false rung that trips
traders that lack the understanding of
true direction of the day and this is
going to come by way of higher time
frame analysis and implementing that in
the intraday price action here we have
an example of a Judas swing and I'm
going to now teach you the
implementation of it in in bullish
condition okay
so here we have the euro dollar chart
and I want you to take notice that we
have the Asian range applied we also
have the midnight delineation in New
York I've also highlighted the opening
price at midnight so this is the New
York opening price so whenever you hear
me refer to New York open price
it's that price okay whatever the
opening price is exactly at midnight New
York time I draw that out to around 11
o'clock in the morning and obviously we
see the Asian range hi Asian range low
the premise is we would have to already
arrive at an analysis that lends well to
bullish prices for euro dollar for this
particular day if we have that
assumption and we stick to our guns if
you will about only taking a trade based
on what I'm going to suggest to you here
in your demo can I think you're gonna
see there is a repeating phenomenon
inconsistency if you apply it it will
not give you a trade every single day to
practice with it will give you a set up
a few times a week if you look at the
majors that are coupled with a dollar
euro dollar Cable Aussie dollar dollar
yen there's four markets if you just
watch those it'll give you a wide array
of potential scenarios where this type
of thing forms now what is did you two
swing here and how is it implemented on
a bullish scenario we're looking for an
Asian range that is in a tight
consolidation we look for initial run-up
the trip traders in so buy stops are hid
traders arnelle long want a breakout we
wait for the market to trade down below
the asian range low to take the stops
anticipate some measure of a sweep 10 20
pips or so but this move below the
opening price that
this is actually the ICT Judas swing now
this is a bullish Judas swing and it
creates the low of the day inside the
London session the London low - ends up
becoming the low of the actual day so
what we look for is obviously a higher
time frame premise that we are
anticipating bullishness or a higher
close on the day and we wait we wait for
a scenario where the Asian range is
tripped by running the stops above the
Asian range high ok this is the first
level of manipulation and then we
anticipate a move below the opening
price preferably we want to see a trade
below the asian range low if you were to
trade just below that asian range low as
an entry and use a respectable amount of
pips in terms of a stop it might get you
into a pretty good trade below below
this asian range low to a certain degree
of support and old Hika trade to you
classic support resistance ideas would
lend well here as well but long and
short we want to see a measure of move
below the opening price see the actual
drop below the opening price is a ICT
due to swing when the markets bullish
otherwise just any little little
movement below it like this one here
this would not start a nice et Judas
swing the Judas swing is first it leads
traders in on the wrong side and then it
tears lower going below the asian range
low and this whole move little opening
price that's exactly the ICT Judas swing
my initial teaching him when I was
teaching on baby pips when I was doing
videos for that community it was right
away snatched up by a lot of traders and
said well this is the do to swing or
that's a Judas swing and I didn't give
you the details that I'm giving you here
ok so there's a specific element that
has to be there otherwise it's not a
Judas swing ok and why did I name it a
Judas swing I try to teach my children
these concepts and I come up with little
interesting titles for certain things
like order blocks and new jutsu swings
and things like that and it just helps
me create a language for them to learn
and
it's a phenomenon that makes sense
because you know sheep herders they
would use a Judas goat and the Judas
goat would lead the sheep into the
slaughterhouse but the Judas goat would
turn away right before going into the
slaughterhouse while the Sheep just kept
on going on and obviously you know the
outcome you get lamb chops so that same
premise is seen in price action where
the they introduce false breakout here
but then the Judas goat leads price
action lower and traders that see this
they want to go short they sell sell
sell sell sell and that's actually the
wrong thing to be doing the actual
prices going the other way after it goes
below the opening price so what we're
looking for is the element of a bullish
Judas swing is a pop above the Asian
range high then a drop below the opening
price at midnight and then below the
asian range low when that occurs that's
the actual Judas swing that's a bullish
now this is what it looks like without
any of those elements on the price
action you can see probably doesn't give
that much detail to you but again we add
it back let that burn in you can see it
gives a whole lot more clarity as to why
price is doing what it's doing okay now
we're going to define the ICT due to
swing for a bearish scenario okay so
we're looking at the dollar cad here
very similar to what we just mentioned
on the previous pair you're a dollar now
we're looking at the dollar cad with
very similar idea the idea going into
this day was higher timeframe
bearishness so we anticipate a lower
closed based on what we anticipate from
either a higher time frame daily or
weekly but for this example again the
asian range small tight consolidation we
want to see it drop down trip traders in
right away then run on the other side of
the asian range high that movement above
the opening price above the asian range
high that is the Judas swing this is the
false or trap move that I use the
in London setups now that's not the only
setup but that's one characteristic of
the setups that I use now right away
some of you're gonna say well you're
holding things back Michael that's not
fair well that's why I have a mentorship
I don't know anything back there but
I've given you enough here that if you
look through your price charts okay even
if you are not trading them live with
your demo account look for these things
in hindsight because by printing them
out and creating a study log of what
these individual days look like it will
build a historical reference in your
memory and even though you weren't
actually in these moves if you are able
to watch price action live you'll start
to see when it should be happening again
the number one premise going into this
when it's bearish we want to anticipate
lower prices momentum lower so that way
we'll be looking for after midnight New
York time we want to see price initially
drop down below the asian range level
when that happens we are set to wait and
anticipate the run back above the asian
range high when it does that and goes
above the opening price at that moment
right here on this candle this becomes a
Judas swing because it's now leading
people in on the wrong side why because
we have already arrived at a bearish
tone on the marketplace so our analysis
is suggesting lower prices while any
rally intraday at this time of day
should be viewed as a suspect rally or a
fake move it's going to run up here get
everybody excited notice the most energy
is seen with it making the high of the
day this is slow lethargic movement
below that's typical that stop running
below the asian range low those short
holders that have been trading short now
and a breakout their stops going to be
rating above here 10 20 pips type of
scenario to unfold
that's how about how far to do to swing
you'll reach for traits the high today
and then quickly moves away that's a
telltale hallmark sign that traders have
now been trapped and any return back to
it all I'm seeing is an Asian range
return back to the high doesn't give
them an opportunity to see higher prices
and then quickly accelerates going lower
in the New York session so hopefully
I've given you a little bit more detail
and insight about what makes a nice et
Judas wing it really is nothing more
than this just watch the video a few
times the elements and characteristics
of it are very simple you want to see
the manipulation first when it's bearish
below the Asian range well then climb
above the opening price at midnight and
then go through the Asian range high
once it does that that's a Judas swing
you can demo trait that or do some back
testing and see how this works out many
times when you have a bearish tone from
a hard time perspective this is the type
of move you'll see okay and another
classic sign that you're right is if it
starts to move aggressively away from
that high because now it's already done
its work sheep are getting slaughtered
so hopefully you can go through the
charts and find many examples of this
very thing happening I think if you look
at a large sampling of data say you know
three or four months and pick a couple
pairs you'll see that this is in fact
what actually happens in the marketplace
and it's very interesting to see it live
i I'm never at a loss of interest when
it comes to watching London setups
because it's a repeating phenomenon it's
pretty classic it goes on and on in
terms of consistency but again try not
to believe that it's going to form every
single day because it's not going to do
that folks there's going to be times
where I set up is this really loaded in
your favour to see either trades lower
with a lower close or a higher close
when bullish and this is the type of
scenario we are looking for now here's
the takeaway from this if you don't see
this phenomenon take place it's probably
better for you to stay out of the market
place
because you want to be trading in the
most highest probable condition and in
my opinion if you're looking for London
setups this is one of the best things to
look for and one the hallmarks to
outstanding London sessions
hopefully you enjoyed this presentation
and if you'd like to find more you can
find additional teachings at the inner
circle trader com